[NEWSCASTER A]
And now, the weather.
Multiple stations across Japan
are reporting record
low temperatures.
Including below-freezing
temperatures in some regions.
Anyone traveling is advised
to prepare for winter weather.
Okay! Excellent.
How are we this morning, team?
Today, we're shooting a music
video that's all about summer,
so we can air it in the summer.
But it'll take a while
'cause the videographer
is particular about his work.
That is brisk!
So, anyway, point is,
we gotta get this done.
The song's called
"Long, Hot Summer."
So I'm gonna need you all
to look like you're havin'
a summery good time, cool?
All right! It's time
to get summery, team!
Remember, your body
language needs to be
warm and sunny, right?
Make me feel it!
Make it burn me!
[DEREKIDA]
That is brisk.
[USAHARA]
Ah, on days like this,
I'm actually glad
that they stuck me
in the big ol' fuzzy
bunny suit, y'know?
Makin' someone do this shoot in
a tank top is a form of torture.
Ah! Stop! Stop! Don't stick your
icy death hand in my neck hole!
Too much. Too much.
I can't. I can't...
You are one a heck of a
trooper, Uramichi my boy.
There were definitely
some decisions made
that could make this shoot
a bit tough on you.
Nothing tough about it.
[DEREKIDA]
Great! Really? You're not cold?
Nope. I'm not.
Oh, wow, Uramichi
is really amazing.
I figured I had built up
a decent amount of muscle,
but I guess it's not enough.
I'm still cold.
[KUMATANI]
No, yeah.
I don't think even Uramichi's
muscles are enough
to fight this off.
[USAHARA] They're not, but
he's too stubborn to admit it.
His hand was like an ice
cube against my neck.
I am not bothered in the least.
[USAHARA]
You'll see the goosebumps
if you look close enough.
The sea's big.
[USAHARA]
You hear that?
The vocabulary part of his
brain is getting frostbite.
[USAHARA]
Uramichi Oniisan.
[EDEI] To really sell
the summer feeling,
we wanna shoot you
smashing a watermelon.
But we don't have one, seeing
as it's not actually summer.
[URAMICHI]
That checks out.
So I bought a winter gourd!
Winter gourd.
[DEREKIDA]
Draw some wavy lines on it
and we're most of the way there!
Squeak, squeak...
Oh! Ha. Who could even tell?
[DEREKIDA]
Man, that's brisk.
[UTANO, IKETERU]
Ahh...
[IKETERU]
Huh?
That's a watermelon
if I've ever seen one!
Hey. What is it?
I need you to say:
"Better idea, how 'bout
I smash your head?"
Oh, okay. Better idea,
how 'bout I--?
[KUMATANI] Slow down a sec.
Try not to get yourself fired.
That thing's gonna be way
harder than a watermelon.
It won't work.
[USAHARA]
Totally unrelated, uh,
what're you supposed
to be again?
I'm the sun spirit.
[USAHARA]
Ah, it'll be fine.
Uramichi can smash that
gourd like a raw egg.
You know he trains
for stuff like this.
It's basically the only thing
he does outside of work!
Better idea, how 'bout
I smash your head?
[USAHARA]
Sorry!
[USAHARA] This is supposed to be
an educational show for kids,
not a snuff film!
You'll wanna clench your teeth.
[USAHARA]
He's plannin' to kill me!
The watermelon's just a pretext!
Huh?
Hey, cut it out.
Don't act like I'm dead when
nothing's happened yet.
Well, he wouldn't have
wanted us to dwell on it.
Action!
[UTANO] Little to your
left. A little more!
[KUMATANI]
To your left!
[USAHARA] Wait a minute,
when the hell are you three
ever on the same
page like this?!
[USAHARA screaming]
[VOICE A]
Melon smash!
[USAHARA whimpering]
Just remember, I let you live.
[USAHARA] I know you can
get away with saying that
since we're not shooting
audio, but please don't.
Great! Now, then, moving on.
This next scene goes over the
"lost track of the mosquito"
part in the chorus.
We've got the location,
so let's make the mood work!
You gotta be out there
havin' a beachy good time!
Y'know, like the movies!
Young people at the beach going
all, "Teehee!" and, "Haha!"
splashin' each other!
What I'm saying is splash
water on each other
so I can shoot that.
[USAHARA screams]
[USAHARA]
"Long, Hot Summer"!
Great! Good work, gang!
Now that you're in
costume number two,
we're ready to start
shooting again!
No! Shut up!
No, it's not too cold,
and no, you can't go home!
But I haven't even
said anything.
[EDEI]
All right, Team UsaKuma,
you'll be using
these water guns.
[USAHARA]
Huh? We're using the water guns?
This is it. He'll kill us.
We need a plan.
[KUMATANI]
My plan is to miss.
[USAHARA]
Whoa, nice.
The water's nowhere near him,
but it'll look great on camera!
[GOD]
On this day, at long last,
the intense concentration
and elite motor skills
Kumatani had developed
through his archery training
would carry over from
college to his job.
[USAHARA whimpering]
[USAHARA]
Okay.
If I hit him, he'll kill me.
If I hit him, he'll kill me!
[USAHARA]
Hyah!
[USAHARA screams]
[GOD]
On this day, as on many others,
the strong kinesthetic sense
which Usahara had developed
through his high-jump training
would prove entirely unhelpful.
The shoot continued and
many more such hijinks
and pratfalls would ensue.
[USAHARA]
I can't see in front of me.
Okay.
So the sun's set and we've
got a great night sky here,
which means it's time for
the "watching fireworks
in yukata" scene.
But obviously, we don't have
nearly enough in the budget
for an actual fireworks show.
We figured we could
just CG that part in.
[ALL] Then why couldn't you have
just CGed the entire video?
Now, try and make it look like
there are fireworks
going off overhead.
Also, like you're having fun!
[UTANO gasps]
[grumbles]
I don't feel like I'm looking
at people watching fireworks.
You guys are professionals!
Make me believe you're
seeing fireworks!
What is that?!
I don't even see even
a faint hint of summer
in your expressions!
Give me more! Where's it at?
Come on, people! Summer!
[ALL gasp]
[DEREKIDA]
That's the shot!
[EDEI] We're wrapped
on "Long, Hot Summer"!
Great hustle, everybody!
[URAMICHI]
I'm cold.
[UTANO]
I'm hittin' the baths.
[IKETERU]
Huh?
Wha--?
Guys, there's an actual
UFO right in front of me!
[KUMATANI] Iketeru is
hallucinating from the cold.
That's bad.
[IKETERU]
No, just look!
[IKETERU coughing]
[IKETERU] I'm really sorry
for letting you down
like this, everyone.
[IKETERU coughing]
[IKETERU] I'm supposed to set
a good example for the kids,
but in the end, I couldn't
even keep myself healthy.
I've failed as a
singing Oniisan.
Easy, Sayuri, this is an
important conversation.
[IKETERU coughing]
[IKETERU]
That tickles!
Well, now that we know
Iketeru will be out with
a cold for the day,
it's time to figure out
what we're gonna have to
change for the taping.
[USAHARA]
Who's this Sayuri with him?
[KUMATANI]
The dog.
Instead of going on like normal
and hoping nobody
notices he's missing,
we thought we'd try working
this situation into the show.
Huh? Do we really need
to do a full shoot?
Isn't there enough footage
and music videos
to make a clip show?
Getting through a full shoot
of Together with Maman
without Iketeru Oniisan here
is absolutely off the table!
[ALL]
Huh?
Do we want to teach those
kids that their kyodai
are interchangeable parts in
the entertainment machine?
I say we don't!
Let's teach them that
every person is precious.
Let's show them that no
human is replaceable!
That was terribly moving!
Good speech, Utano!
You're a lucky guy.
Sounds like your
coworkers have your back.
[IKETERU] Huh? Sorry,
I didn't catch a word of that.
[IKETERU]
Hah! Sayuri, cut it out!
We're so glad to see you!
Konnichiwa !
[KIDS laughing]
Uh. Huh? Hey.
Where's Iketeru Oniisan?
He had to go somewhere
kind of far off,
and it's a very long trip,
but I promise he's right
here with us in spirit!
Slow down, Utano Oneesan.
They might get the wrong idea.
Do you mean Iketeru
Oniisan is gone for real?
Did he finally get fired?
I feel bad for him.
[USAHARA] The guy was running
around half-naked on the beach
for a whole day in
the middle of winter.
The human body wasn't
built for that.
[KUMATANI]
Uramichi's fine.
[USAHARA] Don't let the
hot-dude mask fool you.
He's a hundred percent
gorilla under there.
Sayuri, please, can I
have my blanket back?
[sneezes]
Oh, man, I'm freezing.
I think I'm gonna die.
Hey, Iketeru,
are you going to have some
of the porridge I made?
[IKETERU]
Huh? Thank you.
[USAHARA]
Ah! It really hurts, hip-hop!
Uh! What happened, Usao- kun ?
[USAHARA] I fell down
and hoppity hurt myself.
I hippity hope it
doesn't get infected!
Will you be okay, bunny?
That poor bunny rabbit!
I know just who to call.
Jerminator!
[URAMICHI laughing]
[USAHARA]
Hop. That voice!
[URAMICHI] Jerminator won't
be coming to your rescue!
You wanna know why?
He's been laid low
by the common cold,
thanks to none other than
yours truly, Bacterian!
[KUMATANI] What a truly
unbearable villain, grr!
[URAMICHI chuckles]
Call me whatever you'd like.
As for you, foolish rabbit....
[USAHARA]
Huh?
[URAMICHI] Now you will
understand what happens
when you call people gorillas
behind their backs.
[USAHARA]
Wait. You heard that?
Ah! Please don't reach
into my neck hole
and pinch my cheek like a vise.
Oh, no!
Unless we can do
something to stop him,
Bacterian's going to
infect the whole world!
And yet, something isn't right.
It's no fun unless he's
standing in my way.
Bacterian, I--
Could it be that I only
do all these bad things
just because I want somebody
to try and stop me?
So, for the attention?
That's a toxic character trait.
[URAMICHI] I'll leave
you for another day,
when I can fight him
on even terms!
Don't become a big coward
like Bacterian, kids!
Remember, there's
nothing courageous
about sticking to
your principles
if you're only doing
it out of obsession!
If your real goal is just to
have somebody to compete with,
you've already lost
the competition
before it even began.
So Bacterian is a loser?
He's a huge loser!
He could've conquered
the whole world,
but he chose petty
rivalry instead.
That was blunt.
This guy's ruthless.
There's no way you
can reach the stars
if you shackle yourself
to other people
with some misguided
fear of loneliness!
[USAHARA] I guess that's a
decent enough explanation
for his chronic singleness, huh?
Right? Usao- kun ?
[USAHARA]
Sir!
Uramichi Oniisan !
Easy. Let's clean up
those paws, Sayuri.
[door opens]
[MABUI]
Iketeru.
[SAYURI barks]
[MABUI] I got some jelly
and stuff for you
while I was out on my walk.
Thanks.
I was having this dream.
It was that time when I
caught a fever as a kid.
The day of my piano recital.
Huh? Oh, sorry.
I wasn't listening.
[IKETERU] Be careful not to
catch my cold, okay, Sis?
So what's with Iketeru?
Is he just kinda sickly?
I heard he's caught fever easily
ever since he was a little kid.
Huh? Maybe he is then.
But he mentioned that
he's got his older sister
living with him right now.
I'm sure he's fine.
You know a lot.
His sister is a musician.
And she gives violin
lessons to students
at their place during the week.
Jeez, are you a mod
on the Iketeru wiki?
♪ Time for booze. ♪
♪ Time for booze,
it's time for booze! ♪
So we're really
gonna go for drinks
on the one day Iketeru is sick?
I never told him to
catch cold, now did I?
[URAMICHI]
What happened to that whole
"everyone is precious"
speech from before?
Uramichi Oniisan.
Sorry to leave you all
shorthanded yesterday.
No need to apologize,
but you do need to knock!
What?
"I know that as
a working adult,
I am responsible for maintaining
my own health, and," uh...
Look at me, don't
look at your notes.
Hey. Iketeru?
[IKETERU]
Huh?
If you're not doing it for you,
you don't need to try so hard.
Uramichi Oniisan.
[IKETERU]
What?
[MABUI]
Iketeru Oniisan.
[IKETERU]
Huh?
[KUMATANI coughing]
[IKETERU]
Um. Hey, Kumatani?
[KUMATANI]
Yes?
You feeling okay?
[KUMATANI]
Yeah, I'm good.
It's me. Iketeru.
[KUMATANI]
Yeah, I got that!
[USAHARA] Bro, your voice
is sounding haggard as hell.
[KUMATANI]
I slipped up.
Tell Director Derekida and
the rest of the higher-ups
that I'll get better quick.
You're in the suit.
It's no big deal if we get a
crew member to fill in for you.
[USAHARA]
Ah, good point.
Now hold a minute!
Getting through a full shoot
of Together with Maman
with some knockoff Kumao- kun ?
Absolutely off the table!
[USAHARA] So she's doing
whatever this bit was again.
But now we're expecting it.
Makes less of an impact.
This show is meant for children,
not full-grown dumpster
fires like you and me!
[URAMICHI]
Dumpster fires?
Their minds are still
sharp and sensitive,
and it is our sworn duty to
teach and entertain them.
They'll know there's some random
person in that bear suit.
And that we lied!
His fellow cast members would
know far more about Kumao - kun
than the crew would.
Stop and think for a second.
If anyone can imitate his
gestures and mannerisms,
it's gonna be one of us!
More specifically,
the most likely candidate
would be his college
roommate, Usahara.
As the closest one to him,
you seem like the
obvious choice here!
[USAHARA]
Huh? Do I, though?
I mean, I wouldn't really
say he and I are close.
[KUMATANI] Are we gonna make
this a daily thing from now on?
Who knows?
You guys. I think Utano Oneesan
makes a really good point.
[USAHARA] Okay, are you
getting in on the gag,
or did you miss it?
[gasps]
[USAHARA] 'Cause Utano's face
is saying you missed it
and, uh, sent the show
completely off the rails.
I would just hate
to make Kumatani sad.
[KUMATANI]
That's definitely not an issue.
So let's try our best
to make it work.
After all, it's possible he
caught that cold from me.
[URAMICHI]
Wait.
[KUMATANI]
Hey.
Sorry. I forgot and went
to the gym like normal.
Jeez. Aren't you getting cold?
Honestly, I barely noticed.
It's no big deal.
Anyway, here's that movie.
[URAMICHI] Thanks.
Don't get sick, all right?
[URAMICHI]
Yeah... That would do it.
[UTANO] So you wanna
know why I never shut up
about marriage, huh?
It's 'cause nobody
else will, 'kay?
And every time it comes up,
I die a little inside.
Like, I know you can't tell,
but back in my 20s,
I couldn't see myself as this
drunken, basic-ass 30-something
desperately chasing a ring.
[URAMICHI] Dude. Why would you
bring up marriage around her?
[UTANO] But that's what
I am now, I guess.
How did that happen?
How did I turn into one of those
women I used to laugh at?
How did I not notice until it
was too late? I had a chance...
Please stop.
It's gonna get stuck.
[UTANO] The world kept
pushing me toward mediocrity
and I don't have the strength
to push back anymore.
Why's it so damn hard to live?!
[UTANO]
I'm oh-so sorry!
It's just a bit chilly.
Honestly, it's not
that of a big deal.
B-But I pretty much just dumped
that whole beer on your crotch.
Sorry, for real.
[KUMATANI]
It's 'cause our idiot coworker
had to ask that idiot question.
[USAHARA]
Huh? Who, me?
[UTANO]
Yeah. That would do it.
[USAHARA sighs]
Hey, there's snow,
Uramichi! Look at it!
There are even a few decent
piles on the ground!
Let's have a snowball
fight, you guys!
Let's not.
[USAHARA]
Gotcha!
[USAHARA laughing]
Gotcha.
Ah! Dammit, Usahara!
Shoulda payed more
attention, loser. Oh!
[URAMICHI laughs]
[URAMICHI]
Direct hit!
[USAHARA]
That'd do it.
[ALL grumble]
Okay!
Kumatani couldn't be here today,
so let's all do this for him!
[UTANO, USAHARA]
Do it for him!
[USAHARA
It's okay, Kumatani.
I promise I'll do you proud!
[UTANO]
That's right!
Today we're really gonna go
for it, for Kumao- kun 's sake!
[KUMATANI] Guys... you're
making it so much worse.
Konichiwa , everyone!
Guess who came to play
with you today.
Your bunny buddy, Usao- kun !
[USAHARA] Let's have
some fun, hip-hop!
[BOY A]
Uhh...
Where's Kumao- kun ?
[URAMICHI] Actually, Kumao- kun
and Usao- kun had a big fight,
and they didn't wanna
come here together.
Even friends fight sometimes!
I don't like it!
Where is Kumao- kun ?
Kumao- kun 's the cool one!
Couldn't Usao- kun have
gone away instead?
[USAHARA]
I'm done!
It's bad enough that women like
Kumatani better, but kids, too?
What if you took stock
of your failings
and tried to improve yourself?
[USAHARA] My suck aura's
already strong enough
to see through a mascot suit.
Game over, bro!
Yeah, that's fair.
Whatever. Put it on.
[USAHARA]
Huh? You mean put on Kumao?
[URAMICHI] It's what the
kids want, isn't it?
[USAHARA] You really enjoy
watching me suffer,
don't you, Uramichi?
I'm not sure why you would
say that like it's news.
[USAHARA]
Yeah, me neither.
If I try my best to play Kumao,
will people respect me?
[URAMICHI]
I won't.
[USAHARA]
Didn't think so.
[URAMICHI]
Look, everybody!
Kumao- kun came out
to play with you, too!
[GIRL C]
Yay! Kumao- kun !
[BOY D]
He's here!
Settle down, you guys,
'cause now it's time
for some ABC Exercise!
You ready?
Hold on.
Kumao- kun , is that you?
[GIRL D]
Has he... gotten taller?
[GIRL E]
Yeah. And the way he moves...
It's more annoying somehow.
[KIDS]
Who're you?
[USAHARA screaming]
[USAHARA]
I can't do it!
They clocked me before
I could even speak!
Damn. You can even make kids
hate you in a bear suit.
[USAHARA]
I'm a failure!
In a bear suit.
[USAHARA]
Please quit saying that.
Screw it, I'll tell 'em.
I'll tell 'em
Kumao- kun got sick
and couldn't make it
to the shoot today.
[USAHARA]
Hey, everyone!
I have something
important to say!
[KIDS]
Huh?!
[GIRL D]
Is that Usao- kun 's head?
[BOY F]
On Kumao- kun 's body?
[USAHARA]
Hip-- Oh, crap.
[URAMICHI]
Usao- kun ?
[USAHARA]
Sir!
Kumatani.
I've never told you, um,
how much I need you.
[KUMATANI]
Huh? Well, that's creepy.
[USAHARA] I'm just so
grateful to have you around.
[click]
[USAHARA]
Huh? Oh. He hung up.